Docs: updating metadata. (#18819)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: docs/getting-started/integrations/nuxt.md

---
menu-title: Nuxt

> meta-title: Using the CKEditor 5 rich-text editor with Nuxtfrom npm | CKEditor 5 Documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
meta-title: Using the CKEditor 5 rich-text editor with Nuxt from npm | CKEditor 5 Documentation
```
